
Headquartered in LAGOS, Kultra Mega Stores (KMS) specializes in
office supplies and furniture. The company's customers range from
individual consumers and small businesses (retail), to corporate
organizations (wholesale) located in the LAGOS, Nigeria.
You are contracted as a Business Intelligence Analyst to help the Abuja
division of KMS. The Business Manager has given you an Excel file
containing Order data from 2009-2012 and he would like you to
analyse and present your insights from the analysis.
Using your skills from the Utiva Data Incubator, apply your knowledge
of
● Pivot Tables and Charts
● Lookup functions like INDEX - MATCH
● Knowledge on generating insights

At the minimum, each Pivot Table should contain all required
information

Be well structured in order to easily locate information and provide accurate and
complete answer(s) to the question.
● Use clear and meaningful headings and labels
● Use an appropriate number format
● Be placed on its own worksheet with an appropriate worksheet (i.e., tab) name.
● The PivotChart should be on the same worksheet as the PivotTable. Make sure
to use an appropriate chart type with complete and meaningful chart elements
(e.g., chart title, data labels, legend keys, etc.) and clear and appropriate titles
and labels without
● being too cluttered


Case 1: Which product category had the highest sales?
Case 2: What are the Top 3 and Bottom 3 Regions with regards to
sales?
Case 3: What was the total sales of appliances in Ontario?
Case 4: Advise the management of KMS on what to to do to increase
the revenue from the bottom 10 customers
Case 5: KMS incurred the most shipping cost using which shipping
method?
Case 6: Who are the most valuable customers and what do they
purchase?
Case 7: If the delivery truck is the most economical but the slowest
shipping method and Express Air is the fastest but the most expensive
one, do you think the company appropriately spent shipping costs
based on the Order Priority? Explain your answer
Case 8: Which small business customer had the highest sales?
Case 9: Which Corporate Customer placed the most number of orders
in 2009 – 2012? How many orders were placed by the Corporate
customer?
Case 10: Which consumer customer was the most profitable one?
Case 11: Which customer returned items and what segment do they
belong?

**
Case 12: Which product category has the most sales?
Case 13: Which customer segment sold the most?
Case 14: Which year did they make the most sales?
Case 15: What was the best month for sales in a specific year?
Case 16: Who is our Best customer? (Using RFM Analysis)?
Case17: What products are most often sold together?
